Add package fingerprint (#85)
smallstep/crypto: README.md

* [Amazon AWS KMS](https://aws.amazon.com/kms/)
* [Google Cloud Key Management](https://cloud.google.com/security-key-management)
* [Microsoft Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/)

### fingerprint

> Package `fingerprint` adds raw support for creating an encoding fingerprints
> using hash functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package `fingerprint` provides methods for creating and encoding
X.509 certificate, SSH certificate and SSH key fingerprints.
```
